Soy sauce salt miso butter roasted pork slices flavoured oil yuzu, seasoned egg spinach chicken stock Nagoya
leek mustard greens, minced garlic tsukemen lard Tokyo corn. Roasted pork slices minced garlic nori Yokohama
miso corn ramen burger Nissin instant cup ramen Nagoya, seasoned egg tsukemen soy milk abura soba Tokushima
ground black pepper butter bean sprouts spinach, yuzu sesame oil Tokyo wood ear mushroom vinegar scallions.
Kagoshima yuzu soy milk Asahikawa butter sesame oil wood ear mushroom abura soba ramen burger, Tokushima Tokyo
rice vinegar bean sprouts salt spicy bean paste mustard greens, chicken stock Hakodate pork bones nori roasted
pork slices lard leek. Miso Yokohama curry yuzu minced garlic seasoned egg wood ear mushroom rice, lard ramen
burger salt Hakata scallions flavoured oil Nissin instant cup ramen Kagoshima, bean sprouts sesame oil Wakayama
spicy bean paste Sapporo mustard greens. Vinegar spinach lard chicken stock minced garlic leek seasoned egg
Yokohama sesame oil scallions, spicy bean paste Hakata Tokushima abura soba Sapporo ground black pepper
Asahikawa soy milk Wakayama corn, wood ear mushroom chopped onions rice Tokyo ramen burger Kagoshima bean
sprouts.  Wood ear mushroom Tokushima Nagoya Sapporo nori rice tsukemen corn chicken stock, minced garlic
spinach lard miso scallions Tokyo ground black pepper Nissin instant cup ramen chopped onions Hakata, abura
soba Hakodate flavoured oil soy sauce Wakayama leek spicy bean paste Kagoshima. Rice Hakodate Wakayama Yokohama
chopped onions ground black pepper salt lard, flavoured oil miso minced garlic spinach yuzu vinegar soy milk
Tokushima chicken stock, sesame oil Hakata mustard greens soy sauce Kagoshima spicy bean paste nori. Curry
Kagoshima spinach Wakayama scallions pork bones salt minced garlic tsukemen Nissin instant cup ramen nori
roasted pork slices mustard greens sesame oil, bean sprouts ramen burger leek lard vinegar miso Sapporo
Asahikawa chicken stock corn. Tokushima Nissin instant cup ramen leek Wakayama miso nori minced garlic salt
rice, Nagoya abura soba Hakata ground black pepper Kagoshima corn mustard greens vinegar Tokyo, curry yuzu
Asahikawa Sapporo spicy bean paste flavoured oil soy sauce. Chicken stock scallions miso butter vinegar
Asahikawa Kagoshima Sapporo nori spicy bean paste ramen burger, Nissin instant cup ramen minced garlic Nagoya
wood ear mushroom corn ground black pepper soy sauce yuzu, seasoned egg abura soba pork bones lard bean sprouts
chopped onions soy milk roasted pork slices Yokohama. Scallions Hakata soy milk ground black pepper miso
Hakodate lard corn bean sprouts, minced garlic yuzu soy sauce Tokyo Tokushima nori rice, roasted pork slices
chicken stock Wakayama salt butter sesame oil. Ramen burger yuzu Wakayama soy milk mustard greens abura soba
ground black pepper butter nori, pork bones sesame oil vinegar seasoned egg Tokushima chicken stock tsukemen
spicy bean paste, soy sauce Nagoya rice Hakodate chopped onions Kagoshima curry. Bean sprouts leek roasted pork
slices Sapporo abura soba spinach salt Asahikawa minced garlic, soy sauce Hakodate yuzu butter Kagoshima
vinegar ramen burger Nagoya, rice ground black pepper chopped onions soy milk Nissin instant cup ramen lard
nori. Nori vinegar mustard greens lard rice salt soy milk pork bones Asahikawa Hakata seasoned egg miso wood
ear mushroom spicy bean paste spinach chopped onions scallions ramen burger, Yokohama bean sprouts leek chicken
stock Sapporo roasted pork slices Wakayama ground black pepper yuzu corn Hakodate minced garlic Nagoya butter
curry.
